Biblioteca Bookstore Use Cases
Jennifer Fang, Brandon Liu, Eric Xie

1. As a user (buyer), I can search for books I want to buy by title and by author.

    Test cases:

    1. User can search by typing into a search bar.
    2. Results of the search are instantly displayed in the default, alphabetical order.
    3. When the user searches for books by the title "Harry Potter" returns only books with Harry and Potter in the title.
    4. When the user searches for books by the author "J.K. Rowling" returns only books with J.K. Rowling as the author.

2. As a user (buyer), I can sort the results of my search by price and by rating/review.

    Test cases:

    1. User can sort the results of their search by selecting a sorting category from a drop down menu.
    2. User can select to sort by highest/lowest price, which correctly returns the items sorted in descending
        and ascending price order respectively.
    3. User can select to sort by highest/lowest rating, which correctly returns the items sorted by descending
        and ascending rating respectively.

3. As a user (buyer), I can add books to my shopping cart, which can later be bought.

    Test cases:

    1. Add to cart button is visible on all book posting pages.
    2. User can add books to their shopping cart by clicking the Add to Cart button.
    3. User can view the items in their shopping cart.
    4. User can delete items from their shopping cart.

4. As a user (buyer), I can easily buy books by checking my shopping cart out and entering in my payment information.

    Test cases:

    1. When user views their cart, the checkout button is present on the shopping cart page.
    2. User can checkout their shopping cart by pressing the checkout button.
    3. Checking out their shopping cart takes the user to a page where they need to input their payment and delivery
        information to purchase their book(s).
    4. When book is successfully purchased, the quantity and listing of the book being sold are updated accordingly.

5. As a user (seller), I can post books I want to sell to Biblioteca, and other users will be able to see and buy my books.

    Test cases:

    1. User can post book for sale by filling out information about the book and adding the price and quantity of the book.
    2. The book that is being put up for sale is visible when users search for that book and visible on the poster's profile.
    3. Other users can add the book that was posted for sale to their shopping cart and purchase the book.

6. As a user (seller), I can receive payment for the books I have successfully sold.

    Test cases:

    1. The seller can add their payment information to their profile.
    2. When buyers purchase the seller's books, payment is wired from the buyer's account to the seller's account.


7. As a user, I can login to my account with a username and password I chose, and I will stay logged in until I choose to logout.

    Test cases:

    1. User can successfully register with their chosen username and password; error occurs if username is already taken.
    2. Success when user tries to login with their correct registered username and password.
    3. Failure when user tries to login with an incorrect username or incorrect password; graceful error message is shown.
    4. User stays logged in through storing the authenticator as an HTTP cookie that is returned from logging in.
    5. When user goes to the logout page and logs out, their cookie is deleted and a success message is returned.
    6. If user tries to access the site after logging out, site prompts them to log back in.

8. As a user, I can search listings by author of book, title of book, and username of the lister and view search results on a page.

    Test cases:

    1. Searching by any field returns only results that match the keywords of that field.
    2. Invalid search queries fail gracefully.  

9. As a user, I can create a listing and the creation is only successful if I am authenticated.

    Test cases:

    1. Creating a listing without valid input for all fields is unsuccessful.
    2. Creating a listing when authenticated is successful.
    3. Creating a listing when logged out or unauthenticated is unsuccessful.
 
hi






